In this video I'll explain later to bridging and how we can connect a VX Land Network to a land backed
Ethernet segment and that's what led to bridging is all about.
All right.
So I'm going to explain what led to bridges how it can be used to connect the VX LAN segment to a villans
segment.
We'll also talk about some of the drawbacks of Lehre to bridging and things to watch out for and I'll
break down the use cases.
So first off what is there to bridge Well there to bridge allows you to connect a VX LAN segment to
of the plant essentially establishing an ethernet network that encompasses both of the land and of the
Exxon segment and now our VM is on a VX land back logical switch could potentially be in the same address
range as virtual or physical machines that are on an Ethernet Villon of the VX LAN and back layer to
network can therefore be extended out to physical services that are accessible through the VM next of
of IIS for a distributed switch.
We can also extend the Lerer to network to a distributed port group as well.
So that virtual machines connected to a distributed switch can be on the same layer to network as VM
connect to a logical switch.
So let's take a look at a potential use case for this.
This is a three tier application using a layer to bridge.
And this particular three tier application is made up of multiple virtual machines that work together.
So here we see our first virtual machine the app virtual machine and this VM is on the address 1 9 2
1 6 8 1 8 10 and it's connected to a VX LAN backed logical switch.
Now we're going to use a distributed logical router in Lehre to bridge mode to connect to this VX LAN
segment to a violent and some things have changed in NSX 6.2.
So prior to NSX six to the distributed logical router could be either in bridge mode or it could be
used as a router but it couldn't be used as ball.
All right so you would have separate distributed logical router instances for those functions.
That's not the case.
And I said that too you can configure routing and Lehre to bridging on the same DLR.
So here we see again the app VM alogical switch connected to VX and five thousand one and are Lehre
to bridge is bridging that VX LAN segment to a violin on the VSE for distributed switch.
So we have the web VM that's part of this three tier app that's connected to a distributed port group
with Vili's and 20 and it's in the exact same address range as our apt virtual machine.
And notice that the Vee's for a distributed switch is equipped with a couple of V.M. next a couple of
physical interfaces.
And those physical interfaces are connected to a physical switch that also has veel and 20 configure
and I've got a physical database server connected to that physical switch on VLAN 20.
And now all three of these virtual machines are on the same Ethan segment.
If one of them sends a letter to broadcast the other two are going to get it if they need to communicate.
They don't have to go through a router or default gateway.
They can all communicate with each other via Leor to.
So what are some of the other use cases right here we see a three tier application and maybe in this
case our database server just can't be virtualise for some reason.
That's one use case.
We could also extend virtual services to physical devices.
Right.
So for example let's say I had an X edge firewall running in my virtual environment and I wanted to
put some physical servers on the same layer to network as if I could do that.
So I can make virtual services available on physical devices or if I have physical systems like this
database server or you see here that I want to make available on the same network as my VM.
Now I can do that as well.
So like I mentioned on the last slide we're going to use the distributed logical router to create this
layer to branch and part of the distributed logical router is this virtual machine called the logical
routing control via.
So with the logical routing control V is as it's a virtual machine that's part of the control plane.
When we use the logical routing control VM primarily to do dynamic routing updates.
Now this logical routing control VM is kind of important here because it's going to be running on some
ESX host.
Right.
And then our slide here we have two ESX hosts picture to the two green blocks represent ESX hosts.
So which ever host my logical routing control VM is currently running on.
That's where my layer to bridge instance is also going to reside.
And the bridge instance plays an important role and layer to bridging.
Essentially it forces all of the bridged traffic to flow through a single host.
So all the traffic using the air to bridge will flow through in ESX host and the host is determined
by which host the logical routing control VM is running at.
So let's follow through the slide here and kind of watch a packet as it flows from VM 1 to VM to right
and just notice that VM 1 and VM 2 are on the same network 1 9 2 1 6 8 1 0 network but VM once connected
to a logical switch and VM 2 is connected to a distributed port group so we've set up a to bridge to
bridge VX and 5000 one to Villalon 20.
And here comes a packet VM one issues of paying VM to the destination.
Now that ping is going to flow through the logical switch over my physical underlying network.
Because it's destined for the bridge instance.
So that frame is going to get encapsulated by my V-Tech with all of the appropriate Vieng explain how
to flow over the physical underlying network and eventually reach this bridge instance.
The other ESX host where it has bridged over the last 20 and from there it still needs to flow back
to the other ESX host.
Right now its not going to get the excellent encapsulated this time because its not flowing through
a logical switch right.
Right now after fluffers over that bridge instance now that traffic is being handled by vse fair distributed
switch.
So it must have some uplinks connected to Villon 20 and thats how the packet gets from host to back
to host 1.
But you can see kind of the down side of this approach is now all of my traffic that goes from the xplain
5000 to one movieland 20 or vice versa has to flow through a single yes I host.
Thats what the bridge instance does.
Here's another example.
This is almost exactly the same as what we saw in the last slide.
So let's say in this case I have a physical server called PH y2 that's my physical machine and it's
connected to a physical switch.
On land 20.
And that's what that little light blue box represents.
All right we have a physical switch here on VLAN 20.
And here we have a VM NEC connected to a VSE distributed switch so we have these very distributed switch
connected to Vili's and 20 and we have a virtual machine and a physical server that are on the same
ethernet network.
So now let's walk through how the packet gets from point A to Point B.
So VM one generates a ping with the physical server as the destination and because my Berridge instance
is running on a different ESX I host that packet needs to get VX LAN encapsulated pass over the physical
underlaid network get decapitated by the receiving the tap before it can arrive at the bridge Hinson's.
Now from there the packets going to go into the VSE fear distributed switch
where it's going to pass through a physical VM NEC and hit that physical server.
Let's take one more look at that after I quit we're off some of our markings.
OK.
So here again my ping has arrived at the bridge instance.
It's going to flow over the bridge on TV Land 20 where it will hit the vees fair distributed switch.
And this particular Vee's for just two switches equipped with V.M. next so that the pin can get out
there to the physical network on land 20 there as well and hit that physical server.
So the Lehre to bridge we're going to have this bridge instance and that's going to essentially be the
point that all of my traffic that needs to traverse the bridge is going to go through any traffic that
needs to flow from my VX than to my Vili's or vice versa is going to flow through that bridge instance.
So what happens if the ESX I host that the bridge incenses running on fails what happens if my logical
routing control VM fails well essentially what happens is the bridge instance is going to follow the
logical route or control VM wherever it goes.
And we can set the logical route or control VM as a highly available pair.
That's what we see in the slide here.
So if one of those logical routing control victims were to fail they're still a standby control VM running
on some other host.
And my bridge instance will simply come back up on that other host.
Now if an actual ESX host failure occurs then high availability is going to bring up that bridge instance
again.
But the bridge instance will always be with that logical router control VM wherever it is that's the
host that all of my bridge traffic is going to flow through.
So in review the letter to bridge is used to bridge a VX land to the land.
You can't bridge the land to another land.
You can't bridge the X land to another Vieques Island.
It can only be used to bridge a Vieques land to the land and vice versa.
Once you've created the laird to bridge you can have virtual machines or even physical machines in the
same address range sharing the same ethernet segment and that are able to send and receive Lerer to
traffic as well as broadcasts to and from each other.
This gives us the ability to extend an Ethernet segment from a via X LAN a backed layer to network all
the way out to physical service.
Or to a distributed group of these for distributed switch.
Now one final note I want to make before wrapping up this video the layer to bridge will pass any layer
to traffic.
It's not a stopping point for broadcasts or ARP requests or multicast or anything like that.
So if there's traffic that gets broadcast within the VA ex-flame for example it's going to flow over
that bridge into a villain and even out into the physical network.